All right guys check palindromes So here we're going to find out is this actually a palindrome or not
a palindrome is defined as a string lays the same forward as it is backwards.
Some examples here a B.A.A. would be true right because we could flip this still be the same thing A
B A C would be false because if we flipped it it wouldn't be the same.
And then a if we flush it would be true because a bit silly.
So some hints for how I solve this I use to lower case split reverse and join although you could eliminate
the three of these for the most part and just use a for loop.
Couple different ways we can do this.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
All right so the first thing that we're going to want to do is understand that palindromes are not case
sensitive and you typically want to handle that so you can either use to lower case or to upper case
on the forward and backward word.
In my case I just used to lowercase.
It's not case sensitive unless someone says it is.
I guess but most of the time I come from is not defined as being case sensitive and take her input string
oriented to lowercase it.
OK so now we're going to have that.
And what we're going to have is our reversed word here which for now I'm just going to return a string
which is going to be the original location so that we could see as it's happening here and then say
hey let's go ahead and take what actually we can eliminate lower case because we've already had that
on our string.
Well let's go ahead and split this into an array of values on each character.
So now you see it split and then we're going to go ahead and say hey let's go in or reverse this because
we want to get the reversed values.
Now let's go ahead and then join it back together and each individual character gets stringing.
So now we know that hey this is how we're going to reverse our word.
Let's just go ahead and cut this and we'll go ahead and call this contest
or word and set it equal to that.
And all we have to do here is just compare the two and see hey was our original non-sexually changes
to original word
that makes more sense.
Original Word isn't exactly equal to reversed word.
And let's fix this area.
And so you'll see here everything passes because we're lowercase them both in both senses.
Because we're targeting this where and then we break it up into a character and reverse that array and
then we join it back together and each individual character and we just make a simple comparison.
You could solve this other way by having a for loop where your decorating backwards and essentially
you have a two two values keeping track of the first one would be the one the incrementing the second
one with one decrementing and then you just keep going and checking those same values.
And if at any point there night when you hit the halfway point you break it.
It's false or true and false.
So that's another possible solution.